# Open Hardware Ecommerce Store

MakerPlane is a volunteer-driven open-source aviation organization. The Rally Fighter was a small-run open source production vehicle. Open-source 3D-printed quadrupedal robot. Acorn, the precision farming rover. IotPOS  an open source Point of Sale software. OpenPLC Industrial IoT. OpenArm features human-scale proportions, safety and compliance, and practical payloads. OLINUXINO Open Hardware, low cost from EUR 24 Linux Industrial grade Single Board Computer capable to operate -25+85C. OVT13 is an open-source thin-and-light 13" laptop. OpenHydroponics is an project aimed at automating and optimizing hydroponic systems. open source automated irrigation system. BigFDM is an open source large scale 3D printer. Mechanical documents of the sailboat - Electronic Board and 3D Parts. GoodEnoughCNC Hybrid. Open Kiosk is an affordable, open-source POS solution. Shopizer is an open-source, scalable e-commerce platform designed for seamless deployment across any cloud infrastructure. Broadleaf Commerce CE an eCommerce framework based on Java and Spring. uniCenta oPOS powerful commercial-grade open source Point Of Sale. Scipio ERP is an Open Source Business Application. Hilla integrates a Spring Boot Java backend with a reactive TypeScript front end. It helps you build apps faster with type-safe server communication, included UI components, and integrated tooling. Spartacus is a lean, Angular-based JavaScript storefront for SAP Commerce Cloud that communicates exclusively through the Commerce REST API. Generic module used on Odoo for E-Commerce industry. Frappe Webshop is an Open Source eCommerce Platform. OroCommerce an open-source Business to Business Commerce platform. Magento module for OpenERP/Tryton Integration. Connect Odoo with Prestashop. Marello Unified Commerce Management. Hydra Order Management System. The Eventuate Tram Sagas framework is a saga framework for Java microservices that use JDBC/JPA and Spring Boot/Micronaut

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

